alright YouTube here's a quick video I'm
doing with my iPhone here just really
quick so you have to do this really
really fast so how to make a Greek
frappe nescafé frappé what you need for
one is in this cafe border here locally
the Greek store it's selling for about
ten dollars usually a protist or
international store or something this is
it in Escoffier classic Taipei it is
made in Greece so that's the instant
coffee that's all it is is really just
freak instant coffee but this does work
the best when you're trying to make one
so we need this little shaker here that
you can buy at the same store so just
open this up put as much sugar as you'd
like
I don't like mine sweet so I put not
three three spoonfuls not heaping but I
put three in there alright and one of
the coffee about that much right there
that goes in there as well and you just
need a little bit of water
alright see if we can get this open here
alright I'll put a little bit of water
here
right around that much should do it and
we'll put the cap on screw it in really
tight make sure it's on tight so it
doesn't splash all over the place just
put this phone here for a second I do
this this one stand still
anyhow okay this is tight enough go over
by the sink mix it up for the good it's
not on tight sleek in a little bit but
tight enough I'll just shake it enough
or turns frothy about 30 seconds or so
okay let's see it's nice and thick so
we'll take the cap off
there we go put it in the glass put ice
cubes I put about four or five ice cubes
in there oops missed that real quick
I'll wipe it off a big deal there's that
get something here wipe that off real
quick I'll clean it up a little better
later okay it's good for now fine just
need a little bit of cream to put in
there about something a big deal pick it
up later I just put a little splash of
Anthony if and then stir it up and you
want to drink this slowly so the coffee
on the top foam eventually makes it down
makes it taste really really good
so there's your flippin that would be
sweet with milk thanks bye